I
gentlemen welcome to Black Watch the
most elite military unit in the world
you are now privy to the following
classified information Black Watch was
first created to protect America from
biological attack in 1963 our virus
known as black light infected and
destroyed the town of hydaburg we found
and detained on the human survivor oh
this is green or lower as we would come
to call her she was an incubator of her
mind
along with the Creator to continually be
possible operations continued until two
thousand eight when a judge has
scientist by the name of Alex Mercer
apparently ineffective delusional
paranoid stole a vial of the backlight
virus sound the violent back away
released it we thought the virus had
killed him we were wrong transformed
nurses getting him superhuman abilities
Mercer bottles way into gentech and free
lizard green
the outbreak encompassed the whole of
Manhattan nothing we did could contain
we resorted to a nuclear solution but
vs. interfere with our objective he
hijacked the book and destroyed it of
the ocean
we assumed he was dead once again we
were wrong and of initial briefing New
York 0 is now divided into three
distinct zones green yellow and red the
Green Zone States relatively peaceful
the yellow zone has devolved into
nothing more than a virus infested swamp
the red zone is peeling hell over
illegal by the violence this is Mercer's
nest his playground and we struggle to
contain it among the most highly trained
among you will be sent in we enlisted
the help of the military to neutralize
this
most of them were killed except for one
sergeant James Heller after his fam it
was destroyed by the virus Heller
embarked on a suicide mission violence
by Mercy himself this is our new enemy
we don't know if he's working with mrsa
or not
regardless they both need to be captured
or destroyed remember you are black
watch you will not fair dismissed
you